Intly 4595 (#128)
integr8ly/tutorial-web-app-walkthroughs: walkthroughs/1B-protecting-applications-using-rh-sso/walkthrough.adoc

. Select *Applications > Deployments*.
. Select the *rhmi-lab-nodejs-order-frontend* item from the *Deployments* list.
. Select the *Environment* tab.
.. Click *Add Value from Config Map or Secret*
.. Enter `KEYCLOAK_CONFIG` in the *Name* column.
.. Choose `order-entry-keycloak-config` from the *Select a resource* dropdown.

> .. Choose `KEYCLOAK_CONFIG` in the *Select key* dropdown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Choose *KEYCLOAK_CONFIG* from the *Select key* menu. 
```
